[docs] Update configuration-ini.md file (#1919)
nnstreamer/nntrainer: docs/configuration-ini.md

> Configuration file consists of Two Sections, Network and Layer

Reviewer: How about delete this line? There are more than Network and Layer.

Start with "[Optimizer]"

1. ```type = <string>```

   Optimizer type to apply the gradients to weights. The default value is adam if the type is not used.
     * adam : Adaptive Moment Estimation
     * sgd : stochastic gradient decent

2. ```beta1 = <float>```

   beta1 parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 0.9.

3. ```beta2 = <float>```

   beta2 parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 0.999.

4. ```epsilon = <float>```

   Epsilon parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 1.0e-7.

Below is a sample Optimizer section.

```ini
# Optimizer Section
[Optimizer]
type = adam
beta1 = 0.9
beta2 = 0.999
epsilon = 1e-7
```

### Learning Rate Scheduler Section

Define the type, learning rate, decay steps and decay rate.

Start with "[LearningRateScheduler]"

1. ```type = <string>```

   constant, exponential and step are supported.
      * constant : constant learning rate
      * exponential : exponential decay
      * step: step decay

2. ```learning_rate = <float>```

   Initial learning rate to decay.

   Constant and exponential receive only one float value.

>    However, Step must receive two or more float values seperated by commas.

Reviewer 2: Typo.

```suggestion
   However, the step must receive two or more float values separated by commas.
```

How about that?

```suggestion
   However, two or more float values separated by commas should be given for the step.
```

Author: thank you

   ```learning_rate = <float>, <float>, ..., <float>```

3. ```decay_steps = <float>```

   Decay steps. Only valid for exponential.

4. ```decay_rate = <float>```

   Decay rate

> 5. ```iteration = <unsigned int>```

Reviewer 3: iteration could also be a vector of unsigned int

Author: okay

### Optimizer Section

Define the optimizer to be used for training. This is an optional section needed only for training, and can be skipped for inference.

Start with "[Optimizer]"

1. ```type = <string>```

   Optimizer type to apply the gradients to weights. The default value is adam if the type is not used.
     * adam : Adaptive Moment Estimation
     * sgd : stochastic gradient decent

2. ```beta1 = <float>```

   beta1 parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 0.9.

3. ```beta2 = <float>```

   beta2 parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 0.999.

4. ```epsilon = <float>```

   Epsilon parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 1.0e-7.

Below is a sample Optimizer section.

```ini
# Optimizer Section
[Optimizer]
type = adam
beta1 = 0.9
beta2 = 0.999
epsilon = 1e-7
```

### Learning Rate Scheduler Section

Define the type, learning rate, decay steps and decay rate.

Start with "[LearningRateScheduler]"

1. ```type = <string>```
   constant, exponential and step are supported.
      * constant : constant learning rate
      * exponential : exponential decay
      * step: step decay

> 2. ```learning_rate = <float>```

Reviewer 3: 1. learning_rate property can be a vector of float value in step scheduler.
2. Iteration property is missing. This property is used in step scheduler

Author: What kind of type for iteration ?

Reviewer 3: The type of iteration is unsigend int.
The step scheduler is added recently so there is no unit test for that for now.

Author: okay thank you.

1. ```type = <string>```

   Optimizer type to apply the gradients to weights. The default value is adam if the type is not used.
     * adam : Adaptive Moment Estimation
     * sgd : stochastic gradient decent

> 2. ```beta1 = <float>```

Author: "Only valid for adam" seems to be what you said.

   beta1 parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 0.9.

3. ```beta2 = <float>```

   beta2 parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 0.999.

4. ```epsilon = <float>```

>    Epsilon parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 1.0e-7 is.

Author: okay

>    Epsilon parameter for adam optimizer. Only valid for adam. The default value is 1.0e-7 is.

Author: 1.0e-7  is not the default? okay.

epsilon = 1e-7
```

### Learning Rate Scheduler Section

Define the learing rate, decay steps and decay rate.

> 

Reviewer: How about add 
```
Start with "[LearningRateScheduler]"
```

Author: okay.

1. ```learning_rate = <float>```

   Initial learning rate to decay

> 2. ```decay_steps = <float> ```

Reviewer 3: Please describe that decay_steps, decay_rate is used in exponential scheduler.
And also can you please describe properties for step scheduler?

Author: okay

   Decay steps

3. ```decay_rate = <float> ```

   Decay rate

Below is a sample Learning Rate scheduler Section.

```ini
# Learning Rate Scheduler Section
[LearningRateScheduler]
type=constant
Learning_rate = 1e-4 	# Learning Rate
```

### Train Set Section

Define the type and path of the traing data file.

> Start with "[train_set]"

Reviewer: add new line here.

Author: okay

1. ``` type = <string> ```

   Currently only file is supported.

2. ``` path = <string> ```

   Data path for training, The path is mandatory.

Below is a sample TrainSet section.

```ini
# TrainSet Section
[train_set]
Type = file
path = trainDataset.dat
```

### Validation Set Section

Define the type and path of the validation data file.
Start with "[valid_set]"

1. ``` type = <string> ```

   Currently only file is supported.

2. ``` path = <string> ```

   Data path for validation.

> Below is a sample TrainSet section.

Reviewer: %s/TrainSet/ValidationSet/

Author: okay

```ini

> # TrainSet Section

Author: okay

> [train_set]

Reviewer: %s/train/valid

Author: okay

Type = file
path = valDataset.dat
```

### Test Set Section

Define the type and path of the test data file.

> Start with "[valid_set]"

Reviewer: %s/valid/test/

Author: okay

> Start with "[valid_set]"

Author: okay

1. ``` type = <string> ```

   Currently only file is supported.

2. ``` path = <string> ```

   Data path for test.

> Below is a sample TrainSet section.

Reviewer: %s/TrainSet/TestSet/

> Below is a sample TrainSet section.

Author: okay

```ini

> # TrainSet Section

Author: okay

[train_set]
Type = file
path = testDataset.dat
```
### Layer Section

Describe hyper-parameters for layer. Order of layers in the model follows the order of definition of layers here from top to bottom.

Start with "[ ${layer name} ]". This layer name must be unique throughout network model.

1. ```type = <string>```

   Type of Layer
     * input : input layer
     * fully_connected : fully connected layer
     * batch_normalization : batch normalization layer
     * conv2d : convolution 2D layer
     * pooling2d : pooling 2D layer
     * flatten : flatten layer
     * activation : activation layer
     * addition : addition layer
     * concat : concat layer
     * multiout : multiout layer
     * embedding : embedding layer
     * rnn : RNN layer
     * lstm : LSTM layer
     * split : split layer
     * gru : GRU layer
     * permute : permute layer
     * dropout : dropout layer

>      * backbone_nnstreamer : backbone layer using nnstreamer

Reviewer: NNTrainer also suppors backbone_tflite as well. HOw about adding it?

Author: okay

```

### Configuration file example
Only INI formatted files *.ini is supported to construct a model from a file.

> Special sections [Model], [Optimizers], [train_set], [valid_set], [test_set] are respectively referring to model, optimizer and data provider objects. Rest of INI sections map to a layer. Keys and values from each section set properties of the layer. All keys and values are treated as case-insensitive.

Author: okay

Below is sample backbone section.
It takes 1 x 28 x 28 gray data (0~255) as an input. Adam optimizer is used to apply gradient and learning rate is 1.0e-4.

```ini
# Model Section
[Model]
Type = NeuralNetwork # Network Type : Regression, KNN, NeuralNetwork
Epochs = 1500        # Epochs
Loss = cross  	     # Loss function : mse (mean squared error)
                     #                 cross ( for cross entropy )

> #Save_Path = "mnist_model.bin"    # model path to save / read

Author: no, this ini is from ./Application/MNIST.
I will remove this line.

> #Save_Path = "mnist_model.bin"    # model path to save / read

Author: let's remove #

batch_size = 32      # batch size

[Optimizer]
Type = adam
beta1 = 0.9       # beta 1 for adam
beta2 = 0.999     # beta 2 for adam
epsilon = 1e-7    # epsilon for adam

[LearningRateScheduler]
type=constant

> Learning_rate = 1e-4 # Learning Rate

Reviewer: How about adding train_set for data set?

Author: okay

# Layer Section : Name
[inputlayer]
Type = input
Input_Shape = 1:28:28

# Layer Section : Name
[conv2d_c1_layer]
Type = conv2d
input_layers = inputlayer
kernel_size = 5,5
bias_initializer=zeros
Activation=sigmoid
weight_initializer = xavier_uniform
filters = 6
stride = 1,1
padding = 0,0

[pooling2d_p1]
Type=pooling2d
input_layers = conv2d_c1_layer
pool_size = 2,2
stride =2,2
padding = 0,0
pooling = average

[conv2d_c2_layer]
Type = conv2d
input_layers = pooling2d_p1
kernel_size = 5,5
bias_initializer=zeros
Activation=sigmoid
weight_initializer = xavier_uniform
filters = 12
stride = 1,1
padding = 0,0

[pooling2d_p2]
Type=pooling2d
input_layers = conv2d_c2_layer
pool_size = 2,2
stride =2,2
padding = 0,0
pooling = average

[flatten]
Type=flatten
input_layers = pooling2d_p2

[outputlayer]
Type = fully_connected
input_layers=flatten
Unit = 10		# Output Layer Dimension ( = Weight Width )
weight_initializer = xavier_uniform
bias_initializer = zeros
Activation = softmax 	# activation : sigmoid, softmax
```

> The following restrictions must be adhered to:

Author: okay.

 - All paths inside the INI file are relative to the INI file path unless the absolute path is stated.

Below is sample backbone section.
It takes 1 x 28 x 28 gray data (0~255) as an input. Adam optimizer is used to apply gradient and learning rate is 1.0e-4.

```ini
# Model Section
[Model]
Type = NeuralNetwork          # Network Type : Regression, KNN, NeuralNetwork
Epochs = 1500                 # Epochs
Loss = cross                  # Loss function : mse (mean squared error)
                              #                 cross ( for cross entropy )
Save_Path = "mnist_model.bin" # model path to save / read
batch_size = 32               # batch size

[Optimizer]
Type = adam
beta1 = 0.9       # beta 1 for adam
beta2 = 0.999     # beta 2 for adam
epsilon = 1e-7    # epsilon for adam

[LearningRateScheduler]
type=constant
Learning_rate = 1e-4 # Learning Rate

# Train Set Section
[train_set]
Type = file
path = "trainDataset.dat"

# Layer Section : Name
[inputlayer]
Type = input
Input_Shape = 1:28:28

# Layer Section : Name
[conv2d_c1_layer]
Type = conv2d
input_layers = inputlayer
kernel_size = 5,5
bias_initializer=zeros

> Activation=sigmoid

Reviewer: Just for the information, ini file is not type sensitive.

Author: okay
